מה לעשות עם מצורע שצריך שני תורים אחד בלי קורבן ואחד עם
replace korbanot with korbans
support languages
load all use cases from the json files
login page
about page with credits and app version and עילוי נשמות
history page

in the list:
allow for canceling
allow to edit. only the date - not the type since it affects the payment. but maybe if he brings all - we can let him replace the korban type also
info about selected payment
when visit is done, remove from the visits list to history list

canceling flow:
- in case he paid, ask if refund or donation ?
- call server:
  - to free the time slot
  - in case he paid and wants a refund - call payment gateway for a refund
- message "we are processing your request, we will send you an email to {email address}"

new visit page:
have an icon for each visit use-case

korban case page:
for each aminal have its own icon

date finder page:
allow user to select date range
allow searching dates by hebrew calendar
send request to backend to get availabilities in that range and display to user
allow user to select the time from returned list

coming options page:
have dedicate icons for each use case
add text that for "I bring all" - that you will need to "deposit" them 3 days earlier for בדיקת מומים.
  - only if its aminals.
  - what about birds?
  - maybe only for specific korban? if so - add to json files.

payment page:
nicer "next" button 
when the user clicks ok to pay:
send request to server to test avalability of that time slot.
   if the time slot is available:
    - mark this that time frame as reserved.
    - call the payment gateway
   if not - tell user to go back to find another date


summery page:
put date label with locale (international)
use hebrew date also
use jerusalem time zone (must be tested for time diferences)
if user decided to bring all the goods with him:
  - send request to server to test avalability of that time slot.
      if the time slot is available:
        - mark this that time frame as reserved.
      if not - tell user to go back to find another date

צד שרת
צריך לשמור מקום לקורבנות הכהן הגדול מנחת חביתין והתמידים
מערכת מלאי כגון מלח וסממני הקטורת ופתילות
if user payed for the items - need to update inventory
install supabase for c# lambda FaaS
1 lambda to create a visit
1 lambda for delete visit: delete from calendar + refund if needed
make sure you cant reserve on saturday or holiday

inventory system
workers system like TFS with items
